(Add) Import 30 blogs (#151)
openebs/website: website/src/blogs/2019-02-21-ha-vs-dr-and-ha-c2-b2-for-your-db.md

In short, Don’t Injure Yourself (DIY)

For starters, don’t make your automation so intelligent that it knows how to kill nodes that are not responding without also understanding *why* that node might be moving slowly. As I have seen before, it could be that  your load peaked the day after Thanksgiving, and by pulling the slow nodes out of the queue you are simply shortening the time before all other nodes become overwhelmed. These are the things brownouts are made of.

So, how can you avoid being thrown off the end of your own automation treadmill?

Here are a few hard-learned principles that I draw upon:

1. **Shift down** — tackle failure as close as possible to the failure source to limit the risk of injuring yourself with cascading failures.
2. **Build every layer** — and  every system,  so that it is built to fail.
3. ***Build***** every layer** — do not think you have DR when you have HA; and don’t think you have HA just because you have one workload that spans several clusters.

> 4. I**nfrastructure as code – **related to #3. Always; no black boxes. The desired state is in the repo. Yes, the control loop at the center of Kubernetes will make simple decisions to trade off workloads and behaviors to the best of its ability. Grok that, and insist on everything  by deploying this approach.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. **Infrastructure as code** – related to #3. Always; no black boxes. The desired state is in the repo. Yes, the control loop at the center of Kubernetes will make simple decisions to trade off workloads and behaviors to the best of its ability. Grok that, and insist on everything  by deploying this approach.
```

> 5. **Simplicity**. Yes, this is the UNIX philosophy of do one thing and do it well. No, a human cannot grok the entire system in many cases , but they must be able to grok the behavior of each subsection.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
5. **Simplicity**. Yes, this is the UNIX philosophy of do one thing and do it well. No, a human cannot grok the entire system in many cases ,  but they must be able to grok the behavior of each subsection.
```

*It may be useful for these examples to keep in mind that the fundamental architecture of a Container Attached Storage solution like OpenEBS is to run within the clusters to provide storage to stateful workloads. Essentially, this is the piece that gives each workload its own file or block access (or s3 if you run Minio on top, for example) irrespective of the underlying cloud volumes, existing storage, disks or other hardware such as NVMe. *[*https://www.cncf.io/blog/2018/04/19/container-attached-storage-a-primer/*](https://www.cncf.io/blog/2018/04/19/container-attached-storage-a-primer/)
![https://cdn-images-1.medium.com/max/800/0*Jyy9KksJm3vSUTFx](https://lh6.googleusercontent.com/GymcWw3kxRMK7FEsvDcW7K10r1R_qXRi4n7ebkE9NxpA1vItATFKD4XcLUmAWgcDbG4y-oG5kYWylk6a9O4f6yJgqdbfJZMJmumPcl0r3Gx4FEsKtcULB3dLS4KGCq1xXGU6MFv2)
**Failure Condition #1: Cloud Volume or Disk Dies**

Starting at the bottom of that stack, what should you do when a disk dies or a cloud volume becomes unresponsive? This is shown in by the red “X” in the image below.

> ![https://cdn-images-1.medium.com/max/800/0*IqJ1INEeIgbopmfT](https://lh4.googleusercontent.com/RTnMj309bhhk4m6mjvYely45ESRGdePqJyKV-UVhA40CqvMknJHPSf9QG5tg4nSRL4b3v7LHX4fOtC-nE_2AatVe2MdSw7pPBLgpYjcdqJhoBJ3f7Z6iCQ0pczi6kTcl9lcENcOP)

Reviewer: please fix this type of code `![https://cdn-images-1.medium.com/max/800/0*IqJ1INEeIgbopmfT](https://lh4.googleusercontent.com/RTnMj309bhhk4m6mjvYely45ESRGdePqJyKV-UVhA40CqvMknJHPSf9QG5tg4nSRL4b3v7LHX4fOtC-nE_2AatVe2MdSw7pPBLgpYjcdqJhoBJ3f7Z6iCQ0pczi6kTcl9lcENcOP)`, It's throughout blog

Author: @IsAmrish I haven't done any manipulation, it's coming for the old blog itself and the images also break there too.
check this blog for reference:
https://openebs.io/blog/running-openebs-on-custom-rancher-cluster/
